Create docs for updating identifiers/names of a properties (#129)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/software-catalog/blueprint/tutorial.md

A PUT request has the same body as a POST request, it will simply overwrite the Blueprint with the new data provided.

### Rename properties

> In order to rename the properties, you can make a HTTP PATCH request to the URL: `https://api.getport.io/v1/{blueprint_identifier}/properties/{property_name}/rename` with this following JSON:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To rename the properties, you can make a HTTP PATCH request to the URL: `https://api.getport.io/v1/{blueprint_identifier}/properties/{property_name}/rename` with this following JSON:
```

```jsonShowLineNumbers
{
  newPropertyName: "updatedPropertyName"
}
```

> - You can change also the calculationProperties & MirrorProperties names by using this api.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can also rename the CalculationProperties & MirrorProperties by using this API.
```
